Kaushik.akula/crosslink obs pipelines docs (#22785)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/_index.md

## Activate log collection

> Collecting logs is **not enabled** by default in the Datadog Agent. If you are running the Agent in a Kubernetes or Docker environment, see the dedicated [Kubernetes Log Collection][2] or [Docker Log Collection][3] documentation. If you want to send logs via other vendors' collectors/forwarders, or you want to pre-process your logging data within your own environment before shipping, see [Observability Pipelines][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collecting logs is **not enabled** by default in the Datadog Agent. If you are running the Agent in a Kubernetes or Docker environment, see the dedicated [Kubernetes Log Collection][2] or [Docker Log Collection][3] documentation. 

If you want to send logs using another vendor's collector or forwarder, or you want to preprocess your log data within your environment before shipping, see [Observability Pipelines][13].
```
